Why are you afraid?
Aren't you the queen of Senluo Hall?
Aren't you going to punish me for my sins?
Aren't you going to make me pay?
If you want to save your own daughter, you can
Then you have to let go of your dignity
In front of everyone
Kneel down for me
Three kowtows
Call grandpa three more times
Maybe I'm in a good mood and I'll let him go
Presumptuous, you are courting death
I can solve the burglar
Traitorous is a capital crime
Since you are going to die
Why didn't I die?
Have some fun for yourself
Let Her Royal Highness the Queen of all of you kneel before me
Kowtow a few times
Call grandpa
Why not?
Right? Hmm?
Are you a jerk?
I am an animal
How noble you are
Then invite my noble uncle
And General Ye
Kneel down with your queen
Kowtow a few times
Call me grandpa
Her Majesty the Queen
Please start your show
But you don't have much time.
Only three numbers
Do you want your dignity?
Or your daughter?
Decide for yourself
Don't move don't move
I tell you how to move by yourself
So watch this.
The show is coming
one
two
My brother thing
Assemble beware of danger